If you're a retail trader who wants to
trade like an institutional trader,
Social Science Research Network website
should become your go-to place to get
trading strategist [music]
ideas. There you have several thousands
of research papers on trading
downloadable for free. Once you find a
paper that sounds interesting, you
download it. Go to CHP to break it down
in [music] simple words, specifically
what the trading strategy was, what the
findings of the research paper [music]
were. If you got strong findings, all
you need to do is developing a trading
strategy that has those findings as
underlying logic and test it. Smart
people has already done a lot of work
for [music] you and you can access it to
it for free.